I woke up in the last lecture.
We created this two products.
Now, in this lecture.
Your goal is not to display this products, not to do this.
We are going to go to the views directory of other than the screens.
Then over this widget folder or directory, we can then create a new high and be able to call this fi
products.
The reason for this is sort of calling it close is because we are just not only going to display close
related products, but regular displays displayed varieties of that.
Right?
So probably you can rename use this model class to products or we can just leave it like this for now.
Okay.
So it is going to be called products dots, the section of the sheet or dots.
And now we can use this to set list widgets.
Before then you're going to need to scroll through and be okay.
Now we can use less widgets and since we can change it later if the need arises.
Okay.
And we can call this products.
So your class expects the first data to be copied.
You can just call this project I-10.
Okay.
They will see the reason for this.
Now, you can use control and dogs in order to enforce the material that that package if when there
is a new kind of key.
And so this you can just type without okay they're going to leave it in container since we want to have
access to part in property weeds and orders so I just going to read saw the container and then are which
side is going to be called widgets.
The reason for this is because once you have some rounded shape or rounded elevation around each product.
Okay.
Now, like I said, you're going to have to ship property.
The ship property.
Ship is going to be around that rectangle.
Rectangle border.
They were going to give me what I would use to.
This is what I would use.
That's all.
We're all just going to be whether we start school or.
Probably 15.
Or maybe we can change it later if it does monetize fictitious.
Now outside the rounded rectangle within the card.
We can then have a chart which is going to be a cola widget.
Right?
Because you can see.
The image and for that are being displayed vertically.
Right.
Okay.
So the child is going to be a collegiate.
Ecologist.
Hello.
Okay.
The kidnapped children.
Now the first child is going to be a stock are the reason is you can see we have this new driver on
top of this image.
Right.
So you basically use stock to place widget.
And so it's widget.
So.
We're going to have a stock widget stock.
Which it then is stuck on.
What if we did?
That is you can place gloss over the image so you can have which address.
Right.
Okay.
To.
The first sight is going to be a container.
That is the image for the container.
For the image.
Now you can give a weight in height to this first along.
We want the continent to be.
We want it to be able to last a long day.
We can give it weeks to this.
That's how wide it's going to be of.
Probably we can see 200, right?
I think 200 will do fine.
And then we can have a declaration of class.
This will be box decoration.
Right.
Okay.
Then we can give you a better idea as to the image that this will want the image to be.
So I have several that ship so we can say whatever videos, whatever videos.
What I would use the takeover of 15 as well.
Okay.
I did change color.
Okay, great.
Now it's in the first declaration.
Right.
We can then have something known as image is going to be declaration.
Decoration.
Image.
There are varieties of these images, right?
So this are the way.
So we can have the image.
You can see the hero is gone because it was this image property as is required fields.
Okay.
Now, what we're going to do now is they're going to use the assets.
Assets.
Image.
Assess image.
Okay, great.
Now we're going to need to have access to.
This close.
Moderates.
Okay.
So to do that, so obsessed with it.
What you're going to need to do is.
Whether you are going to create a fine, agreeable court.
Close.
We're just going to specify the type.
It is a type of clause.
Okay.
There's a way that we can call this clause.
Not in essence, to do this, to pass it on to the constructor.
So any time we call this product item in in another fly, we can simply also have access to that property.
So what you can do is use control and then you're going to go to create construct of a final fields
that we can make this required.
Required.
Okay, great.
So now over there we can then see close.
Close.
So it's.
Images.
Well, you can see we have access to the property there.
We can also call that it is string dots to string.
Okay, great.
So we can then add the critical to the coma is consciousness to see.
Okay.
Now this decoration as it's known, as I think I cited the assets in which it as a property known as
fields is going to be suites.
Well, I'm just gonna get rid of this for now.
So you see what it does yourself, so that we can use this to see not to see this in action.
You're going to need to use control and be to make this smaller.
Then we're going to go to the home screen.
Okay.
So for now, we can just use the close.
So we called it.
So that's.
Item.
Okay.
Like I see districts.
So.
Values rights.
So what you can't do that is going to be then.
We can for now.
We can use control again.
They're able to copy just one item for an hour of positive control and see to copy the control.
And B, then you can need to go back to this.
And over here, we can just face this.
Okay.
Then I can use control, and it's not important.
It's okay.
We can use controls to save.
Okay.
And.
Now go check what he just did.
Okay.
You can sit over here.
Right.
Looking great.
Now, what we can do is.
We can.
Well there.
Okay.
I think in the product item.
So that item.
Okay.
We'll cut this further to that.
Now, we can also you can see in the finished product, we have all our tests at the middle.
Right.
So what you can do is over this column widget.
The core of the can say cross artists elements.
Cross artists elements.
Cross asks amendments to censor.
Okay.
Now.
There's nothing to hide.
Okay.
Now, Iraq is not going to have any effect, actually.
So what you can do now is a.
We can then have the fields.
So within the Declaration, you can see fields is going to be fields.
Fits with.
Most fields.
So it was fields that fits with the way you're going to use the office, which is that that height.
Okay.
In a good deal of time to see what it does.
Really no effect.
You can also use the cover.
Okay.
Let's go see what it does.
Really?
They.
You know what you fed?
What about the container?
Okay.
Okay, then watch your head as well.
Okay, guys, I'm just going to stop here.
Then the next lecture, we're going to continue.